first commit (#1)
gdsc-hcmut/working-process: branch convention/branch_convention.md

> If you create a temporary branch, you must follow these convention: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you create a new branch, you must follow these conventions: 
```

Author: Chỗ này em xóa

> If you create a temporary branch, you must follow these convention: 

Reviewer: Thêm header cho từng file markdown

Author: Dạ rồi luôn ạ.

> If you create a temporary branch, you must follow these convention: 

Reviewer: Đem mấy phần bị lặp lên trên cùng

Author: Dạ rồi.

> ## Feature branches (must has a corresponding issue)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Feature branches (must have a corresponding issue)
```

Author: Dạ phần này em xóa với tọm gọn lại rồi ạ.

- Must branch from **main**
- Must merge back into **main**

> - Branch name convention: `feature/<id_of_issue>-<issue_name>`

Reviewer: Example: Feature new filter url 1234
-> Branch name will be feature/1234-new-filter-url

Author: Dạ em thêm ví dụ rồi ạ

- Creating a **feature branch**:
  
`$ git fetch origin`

`$ git pull origin main`

`$ git checkout -b feature/<id_of_issue>-<issue_name>`

- Commit and push branch:

`$ git pull origin main`

`$ git checkout feature/<id_of_issue>-<issue_name>`

`$ git merge main`

`(resolve conflict)`

> `$ git push origin feature/<id_of_issue>-<issue_name>`

Reviewer: Clean up lại đống này

Author: Dạ rồi luôn :3

## Bug branches (must has a corresponding issue)
- Must branch from **main**
- Must merge back into **main**
- Branch name convention: `bug/<id_of_issue>-<issue_name>`
- Creating a **bug branch**:
  
`$ git fetch origin`

`$ git pull origin main`

`$ git checkout -b bug/<id_of_issue>-<issue_name>`

- Commit and push branch:

`$ git pull origin main`

`$ git checkout bug/<id_of_issue>-<issue_name>`

`$ git merge main`

`(resolve conflict)`

`$ git push origin bug/<id_of_issue>-<issue_name>`

> ## Chore branches (not neccessary to has an issue)

Reviewer: cái này vẫn cần issues nha em, cái nào nhỏ quá thì mới không cần

Author: Dạ rồi
